well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
stimulus and how the stimulus appears to
be stalling yet again
because the gop has found a new talking
point
their current talking point is that they
don't want to bail out
mismanaged states their term
florida's own rick scott has jumped on
this bandwagon
florida being the state that isn't
mismanaged you know that's the one that
had the unemployment website that was so
mismanaged it
couldn't process anybody's claims and
kept crashing
governor desantis the current governor
of florida
who is no stranger to the concept of
mismanagement
he wouldn't take that on the chin he
wouldn't just accept that as
being his fault so he made sure to point
out where the blame really belonged
for the needless roadblocks and laid the
blame squarely at the feet of none other
than
rick scott
i would also like to point out beside
the absurdity of the talking point
that florida's economy is
is heavily reliant on this thing called
tourism
tourism generally comes from other
states
if those states fail their economy tanks
if their economy tanks people don't have
jobs to take vacations from which means
they don't come here and spend money
which means our economy tanks despite
the current framing
coming from president reject trump we
don't actually have
two countries one red and one blue we
have
one country the united states and
this country decided this particular
issue back in 1790.
if new york's in debt why should
virginia bear i mean florida barrett
where's alexander hamilton when you need
him
i would point out that
number one the unemployment funding that
people are trying to access
is funded by the people trying to access
it
these senators they don't have any money
they're denying you access to your money
i would also point out
that many of the states that are being
singled out
as mismanaged contribute the most to
federal coffers
this comes from federal taxes it's not
like there's going to be a special tax
imposed on the people of florida to
benefit those in new york
that's not a thing at the end of the day
these states generally more populous
were trying to respond to mismanagement
the mismanagement that upset the economy
the mismanagement of the public health
issue
that mismanagement originated squarely
with the republican party
at the federal level that's where it
came from
now those same people would like to deny
funding that is necessary under this
current system
for people to survive they had no issue
bailing out large companies because it
impacted them directly
because it hurt their stock portfolios
but when it comes to the average person
once again kick down doesn't matter
those people they can just stay poor
they can suffer the consequences
of the federal government's
mismanagement
anyway it's just a thought you all have
a good day